createrepo: add page (#7789)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/createrepo.md

# createrepo

> > Initializes an RPM repository in the given directory, including all XML and SQLite.

Reviewer: Wondering if it would better to end the sentence with `database` or `files` ? (Thoughts)
```suggestion
> Initializes an RPM repository in the given directory, including all XML and SQLite files.
```

> More information: <https://linux.die.net/man/8/createrepo>.

> - Initialize basic repository in a directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Initialize a basic repository in a directory:
```

`createrepo /path/to/directory`

> - Initialize a repository, excluding test RPMs, while being verbose

Reviewer: I am trying to think of a way to rephrase the statement though
```suggestion
- Initialize a repository, exclude test RPMs and display verbose logs:
```

`createrepo -v -x test_*.rpm /path/to/directory`

> - Initialize a repository, using sha1 as the checksum algorithm, and ignoring symlinks

Reviewer: How about this:
```suggestion
- Initialize a repository, use sha1 as the checksum algorithm, and ignore symlinks:
```

> - Initialize a repository, using SHA1 as the checksum algorithm, and ignore symbolic links:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Initialize a repository, using SHA1 as the checksum algorithm, and ignoring symbolic links:
```
